Hello and welcome to my wife I crack and curse and this course we're going to talk about mainly about
cracking Wi-Fi passwords all the attacks that we're going to talk about our practical attacks launched
against actual routers that I have here at my lab.
So all the attacks work and all of them are practical attacks.
They are not theories.
They are not proof of concept.
There are 100 percent work in attacks so these attacks will allow us to obtain the passwords or the
keys for different Wi-Fi networks whether they use the IP or WPA or WPA to encryption.
The cost is divided into three main parts the first part is network basics and this part we're just
going to talk about how networks work how devices communicate with each other and networks.
So and we're going to talk about the interfaces the wireless card and the modes that we can use the
wireless cards and how we can sniff packets that are sent around us in the air.
Once we understand that and we can sniff packets in the air we're going to move to cracking WCP encryption
because it's an easier encryption to crack than WPA.
So we're going to talk about how the EPA works first.
The theory behind cracking it so we're going to talk about the weaknesses in the EPA and then we're
going to discuss three methods to crack the encryption without the need to any connected devices or
without the need to communicate with any of the people who are connected to these devices.
We're not going to explain on the one method because these methods might work or might not work depending
on the distance between you and the wire on the router.
It's going to depend on your wireless card and it's going to depend on the hardware used inside the
router.
So we're going to talk about three methods so that at least one of these methods should work for you.
After we do that we're going to move to WPA.
We're going to again understand how WPA works and what's the difference between the EPA and the EPA.
And what's the weakness in WPA that allow us to crack this encryption WPA and WPA too are similar they
can be cracked using the same methods.
We're going to talk about this into more detail once we move to that part.
Again we're going to talk about four methods to crack WPA.
Going from slow to or quicker methods and cracking and
so as I said before there are three main encryption parts WPP WPA and the two there really is the easiest
one to crack.
It takes minutes to be cracked and it's 100 percent sure that we can actually crack it with WPA.
We're going to have if WPX is enabled then our chances of cracking it is much higher.
So it's around maybe probably around 100 percent to WPA.
If WPX features enabled again more on this once we actually go to WPA.
So this is just an introduction.
Same with WPA.
Two of the rupee has enabled it's very easy to crack if it's not we're going to have to use a dictionary
attack or a wordlist or a rainbow table.
We're going to talk about all of that once we actually got to that section.
So let's go ahead and start with network basics and the next lecture.